Update storage monitoring onboarding instructions (#31295)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/guide/storage-monitoring-setup.md

The fastest way to configure Storage Monitoring is through the [Add Buckets][501] page in Datadog, where you can set up multiple S3 buckets at the same time.

Go to Datadog > **Infrastructure** > **Storage Monitoring**. Click [Enable Buckets][501].

{{< img src="integrations/guide/storage_monitoring/add-buckets.png" alt="Select buckets for enabling Storage Monitoring" responsive="true">}}

1. **Enable Amazon S3 Integration and Resource collection for all the AWS accounts you want to monitor.**

> 2. **Enable S3 Inventory to get prefix level monitoring**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Enable S3 Inventory to get prefix level monitoring.**
```

      **Note:**
      - Source bucket: The S3 bucket you want to monitor with Storage Monitoring

>       - Destination bucket: Used to store inventory reports (one per AWS region, can be reused cross account)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Destination bucket: Used to store inventory reports (one per AWS region, can be reused cross-account)
```

   1. **Allow Datadog to create inventories and read from your destination buckets.** Add the following permissions to the Datadog IAM integration role for the account that owns the destination buckets:
      - `s3:PutInventoryConfiguration`
      - `s3:GetObject`
      - `s3:ListBucket`
      Scope these permissions to only the destination buckets containing your S3 inventory files.

      ```json
            {
              "Version": "2012-10-17",
              "Statement": [

                {
                  "Sid": "AllowDatadogToEnableInventory",
                  "Effect": "Allow",
                  "Action": [

>                     "s3:PutInventoryConfiguration" // Used for onboarding via UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    "s3:PutInventoryConfiguration" // Used for onboarding through the UI
```

                  ],
                  "Resource": "arn:aws:s3:::storage-monitoring-source-bucket" // source bucket(s)
                },

>                 { //destination bucket

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                { // destination bucket
```

                  "Sid": "AllowDatadogToReadInventoryFiles",
                  "Effect": "Allow",
                  "Action": [
                    "s3:GetObject",
                    "s3:ListBucket"
                  ],
                  "Resource": [
                    "arn:aws:s3:::storage-monitoring-inventory-destination",
                    "arn:aws:s3:::storage-monitoring-inventory-destination/*" // destination bucket(s)/prefix
                  ]
                }
              ]
            }
      ```

   2. **Allow source buckets to write to destination buckets.** The destination buckets must include a policy that allows the source buckets to write inventory data. See [Creating a destination bucket policy][502] in the AWS documentation for details.

   3. Select the S3 buckets you want to monitor with Storage Monitoring. You can select buckets from multiple AWS accounts at once.

    {{< img src="integrations/guide/storage_monitoring/step-2.png" alt="Select buckets for enabling Storage Monitoring" responsive="true">}}

>    4. Assign a destination bucket per region to store S3 inventory reports from the source buckets. This can be an existing AWS bucket or a new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   4. Assign one destination bucket per region to store S3 inventory reports from the source buckets. This can be an existing AWS bucket or a new one.
```

        - Set the prefix to `access-logs/` (matching your access log prefix)

> 4. Return to **Infrastructure > Storage Monitoring** to see any new buckets. The inventory generation process starts within AWS within 24 hours of the first report and you'll see data for your buckets after this period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Return to **Infrastructure > Storage Monitoring** to see any new buckets. The inventory generation process starts in AWS within 24 hours of the first report. Data from your buckets is visible after this period.
```
